[ Music ]
Be prepared to go on a journey
beyond any you have known
with my guess Barbara Hand Clow.
You're going to learn about your
multi-dimensionality and how
to access all realms
of yourself,
which takes us far beyond
the joy and challenges
of our everyday lives.
Barbara has been a
beneficiary of off-world streams
of information her entire life.
Her informants are
the Pleiadians.
The basis of this
conversation is her book Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions.
This will be a two-part
conversation that will all
through the way you
view reality forever.
And Barbara, I just first let
me thank you for the decades
of just incredibly detailed and
scientific work you've done.
And it's interesting
because as soon as you say,
Barbara is the recipient of
information from Pleiadians,
people that are accustomed
to this notion would say,
"Oh yeah, right, aha."
But you're probably one of
the most skeptical people
and scientifically based minds
that I have ever met yet,
thus probably why you are
the one selected to do this.
So let's talk about your
beginning just we want
and your connection with the
Pleiadians, how this came about.
Well, thank you for
inviting me, Regina.
And my connection with
the Pleiadians goes back
to when I was a really
small child.
My teacher was my
Cherokee grandfather,
half Cherokee grandfather,
half Celtic and half Cherokee,
and he was record keeper.
And he selected me
to be the person
who would carry the
records on from him.
He didn't take one
of his five children.
He took a granddaughter
because he knew
that the records would be
opening at a time in my life
when it was possible for
me to deliver the material.
My parent-- his children
would have all been too old
at this time.
So, he was my teacher and he
informed me when I was two
or three years old that
I had come to this planet
from the Pleiades and of
course I believed him,
and it was all fine until I
went off to the first grade.
[laughter] And when they said--
One can only guess
where you're from.
Yeah, and then, you know,
you start the first grade
was where are you from.
[laughter] And let's just
say I started running
into a lot of difficulty.
So, I was trained about my
grandfather from aged 3 to 17,
so that part of my life
was like my secret life.
And that was my relationship
with my grandfather
and my grandmother, but in
terms of everyday academics,
education, I was a good
student, NA student and I wanted
to master my education.
And so I separated, I
divided my education
from my medicine training until
I was around 40 years old.
And then when I got to
be 40, 42 years old,
I needed to integrate
all the education
that I had attained
'cause I went on and went
to graduate school and
everything like that.
And so, when I began to
integrate the information,
then I went back to my
Cherokee heritage and went back
and became a medicine teacher.
And then eventually in 1995--
1994, the Pleiadians
really broke
through into my consciousness.
And I'm going to-- I want
to relate this to what you--
how you just kind of
introduced me here which is
that I'm a very scientific
and very left-brained.
So when this databank came to me
from the Pleiades star system
'cause I got identified from LC
on the central star,
I really resisted it.
I have a really hard
time with it.
I wasn't the channel at the
time nor did I have any desire
to be a channel, I still
don't want to be a channel.
I want to be a totally
conscious state.
But I gave myself
over to the databank
for about nine months
followed 1994, 1995.
And I brought in
the whole databank
in 18 sessions just a hologram
which where tape recorded
and then the information was
put on my computer for me
so that I could make
a book out of it.
And so, what I did with that
information was first of all,
I didn't understand, I probably
understood about 40 percent
of what I have received because
it involves nine dimensions.
And I understood the first
four dimensions quite well
but I did not understand
the upper dimensions.
And so I made a pact to myself
that I would not change
a word which I did not.
Even if the scene that sane
to me, I still went ahead
and made it into a book
called The Pleiadian Agenda.
So there I was in
1995 with the databank
and I only understood 40
percent of it and my commitment
in this lifetime, I was
already an author at that point,
had a couple of books and
print, and my commitment
in this lifetime has always been
to teach some material
that came to me.
I wasn't just going to
put in a book and park it.
I felt like it was
a responsibility.
So I went out on the
road to teach material
and I only understood
40 percent of it.
And it was real and my husband
Gerry came along with me.
Not in the very beginning.
I had a year of teaching
it on my own.
But I also was teaching
I had a lot of problems
with people going
out of balance while
I was teaching it,
including finally a
person who fell over
and almost injured himself.
So at that point I brought Gerry
in 'cause Gerry is a body worker
and I said, "Okay,
your body and I mind.
And I want to communicate
this material
but I need you with me."
So at that point, Gerry and I,
we started teaching together,
'96 through about 2011.
And what we were doing was
always balancing people
physically while I
was working mentally.
And so, during that period of
time where this book comes from,
Alchemy of Nine Dimensions
is coming along
because after ten years of
teaching, a bunch of stuff
in the Pleiadian Agenda that
sounded completely crazy
and counteracted conventional
science started being verified
by scientists.
And so by 2003, almost
every dimension,
every dimension except
one have been verified
by hardcore science, and of
course, I was so fascinated
with seeing these scientists
discovering what I had already
channeled in.
And a lot of scientists used
to come to my workshops.
And I can tell you a few jokes
about that 'cause it got pretty
funny 'cause I'm not a scientist
at all.
Right. And when those came in,
I didn't understand
quantum mechanics
and string theory
or any of that.
Tell us one of the jokes.
Yeah. Oh, one of the jokes?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, okay. In 1996 when I was
teaching a Pleiadian Agenda
Activation, a marvelous
looking Russian scientist came
to the workshop and he
had a burly large beard
and he had wild hair and
he came up to the table
where I was signing books and
he said-- he said-- he just--
well, he just looked at me with
his intense eyes and he said,
"Everything is consciousness."
And I thought he was
trying to pick me up.
[laughter] I mean, I
didn't even understand.
I mean I was teaching the
codes to consciousness
from the scientific
point of view.
Right. This guy gets a hold
of the book and realizes
that I understand the
consciousness he thinks,
but of course I don't.
Right. And I thought he
was trying to pick me up
and that's how it was.
It was completely insane the
first couple of years to this.
Well, and even if you only
understood 40 percent,
that's probably 2,000
percent more
than anybody you were speaking
to understood at that time.
Yeah. And so the integration,
you were saying it was
holographic-- Yeah.
-- when you first received it.
But then did it start streaming
in in literal words and phrases
and you said you didn't
want to alter a thing.
Yeah, I didn't alter a word.
Yeah. So ultimately,
it did come in words
because I was wondering how in
the world would you even be able
to put language around
what you were seeing
in those upper dimensions.
Yeah. Well, the way I did it was
that what was coming
in was a hologram.
And as I've described
in the beginning
of the Pleiadian
Agenda and Alchemy also,
I could see the hologram and
I could see where extended--
areas it extended into.
But the nine dimensional aspects
of it are the way the
material came out through
in nine-dimensional
lens from a hologram.
Okay, and then I only understood
the first four dimensions
and not the upper five.
But the way we brought
that information
in is we had a channeled
group and the people who were
in the group were scientists
who were able to pick my brain.
So I did-- Interesting, yeah.
They could pick my brain and
pull it out from the Pleiadians
but of course I didn't
understand it at all.
Right. But by 2003, 2004, I
finally mastered the material.
And it was actually
fascinating the way that worked
out because people would come
to my classes and I could tell
that they understood my
databank but I didn't.
And so I just simply
would say to people,
"Okay, you understand this.
Explain it to us."
And so, we were getting
students to tell us,
businesses were telling
us, suffice were coming
to my classes because
they understood the upper
five dimensions.
I understood the lower four.
They would come to
my classes in order
to learn about the lower four.
And so then I would say,
"Fine, we have a bargain here.
I'll teach you about the lower
four but I want you to teach us
about the higher five."
So gradually, I've pulled
in the data that way.
And the information when you
were first being contacted
as I was understanding
in your book,
you started having sensations
such as what is known
as tinnitus and also you
started seeing geometrical forms
which we'll get into
a little bit later
in our second conversation and
their overlay and relationship
to your writing and
graph circles
which I found fascinating.
Yeah, just fascinating.
So let's talk a little
about that first connection
with the tinnitus and
the symbols and such.
Yeah. When the databank
was coming in,
a friend of mine had an aneurism
and I had to be at the hospital
with her like three
or four days a week
and the hospital
was two hours away.
So as this databank is coming
in, I'm dealing with a friend
that has an aneurism
in the hospital
and it was almost
impossible also being a mother
of four children and
working for Bear & Company.
It was pretty difficult to
find any time to bring it in.
So whenever too much time
went by like more five
or six days went by, they
would start ringing my ears
to the point where I absolutely
cannot hear anything except the
ear ringing and I think you've
probably experienced it.
It's absolutely tinnitus.
For 12 years, yes.
So yeah. The only way
that I could get rid
of the ear ringing was to call
the channeling class together.
So then I called them all
up and say, "Come on over.
We need to bring in
another databank."
And then we bring in the
databank and then I'd be free
for four or five days and
it would start up again.
And that went on for, you
know, like six or seven months.
And also, an interesting
thing about that databank is
that I was pulling in
that databank exactly
when Edward Witten was
writing the calculations
for superstring theory.
Yes. And so this has turned
up to be a very important clue
to what's going on here.
But I think that's more
for the second half.
Yes, definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, right.
Well, so let's talk about--
excuse me, let's talk about the
Pleiadians just a little bit.
A number of people that are
watching us probably a good
percentage hurdle the Pleiadians
have read about the Pleiadians
from various sources
and have variant--
varying opinions on them,
whether you're looking
at Steven Greer and his
association having to do
with this closure and
bringing technologies
from authentic cultures here
too, Dolores Cannon's work
for example, where she
takes people through a state
of hypnosis, they start
connecting with ancient,
ancient information, roots
and authentic cultures
and the Pleiadians have kind of
an interesting and rich history
when you combine all of this,
each person giving
they're part of it.
So can you give us a more
complex view of who they are,
what they represent,
what they've been
and why they're here now
helping you Barbara Marciniak
and probably others I'm sure.
Well, in my work, the
Pleiadians are the keepers
of the fifth dimension.
And each dimension has a keeper
which means that's
the consciousness,
the whole set dimension
and form.
And for example, we are
in the third dimension
and we're the keepers
of this dimension,
the third dimension
linear space and time
and we're not doing
a very good job
but we can talk about
that later.
We will. But the Pleiadians
just like any keeper
of any dimension have
had their struggles
with keeping the dimension,
and this is a dimension
which is related to Earth.
They may keep dimensions
and other star systems
and other planetary systems.
I don't really know that
they are the keepers
of the fifth dimension
on our planet
and the fifth dimension
is the heart chakra
and the opening of the heart.
So they are known to be
protectors of children
and lovers of people, lovers
of life, lovers of sex,
there are a lot-- the
Pleiadians are a lot of fun.
Then historically or
anthropologically,
it would appear to me from
everything that I've been able
to research that the Pleiadians
have almost been involved--
almost like inhabiting Earth
for the last 100,000 years.
Now the last 100,000 years
represents the late phase
of Neanderthal and
then Cro-Magnon man
and it represents
a period of time
that Carl Calleman calls
the Regional Underworld
and we can talk about
that later on.
But there's these series
of time accelerations
that we're experiencing.
And the 100,000-year period
of our time acceleration
is best thought off
as the Paleolithic mind,
and this particular part
of our experience is a
time when we were symbiotic
with the energy of the
planet and we were symbiotic
with the sacred sites, symbiotic
with all the power places
and it would appear
to me from everything
that I've been able to discover.
Now this is not just my idea.
This comes from anthropologists,
this comes from scientists,
and it would appear that the
Pleiadians have had a tremendous
impact on this planet for
the last 100,000 years.
And so, they are a part of our
Paleolithic minds or a part
of a much more ancient part
of us, and most importantly,
they are the part of us
that symbiotic with nature.
And now that we're going
through a major transformation,
we've gone through a
couple more times cycles now
and each one has been
more accelerated,
especially 2011-2012.
And now, we are moving
back into the integration
with the symbiotic
Earth consciousness
because the planet simply
can't survive without that.
So the Pleiadians are
very involved in an--
they are very ecologically
conscious.
They are very, very conscious
of the protection of children,
because ultimately, our whole
species is defendant upon our--
the health of our-- and
happiness for children.
Absolutely.
And you say they come and go
and they've been coming in.
And you also are one of the
people along with Jose Arguelles
and others who were very
prominent in the research
of the whole Mayan calendar and
the cycles coming to an end.
And you said that the Pleiadians
had a great deal of influence
in that and the Mayans
themselves may be of that.
Can you speak about
that a little bit?
Yeah. Many indigenous
cultures on the planet
if you can get them to
talk to you-- Right.
-- will admit that
they're Pleiadians.
So for example, I've gone around
the planet, I'm part Cherokee,
and so the understanding
in my lineage is
that the Cherokee people
are very-- And it's--
what do you mean
from the Pleiades?
You could say, Regina,
you could say
that right now I'm a Pleiadian
not because a Pleiadian came
from the Pleiades but
because I have the capacity
to be a Pleiadian.
Can you see what I mean?
And so anyone with an open heart
and open consciousness
is a Pleiadian
from that point of view.
It's just that it's been
a long record and databank
that has many, many
manifestations.
And so, when I was out teaching,
I was teaching pretty much all
over the planet for
about 20 years
because a tour groups
sent me all
over the place which is great.
And so I would just go
meet people and say,
"Okay are you a Pleiadian
or what?"
And many people especially
in Indonesia, the Balinese,
the people from Tana
Toraja, they're very open
about being Pleiadian.
Cherokees are, the Mayan
people are very open about it
and I have a strong relationship
with many Mayan teachers.
It's a real great bond
between Cherokee-Maya.
And so we see it in my case,
go back to my grandfather,
I'm a record keeper.
Record keepers are
people who hold the codes
of the planetary geology,
anthropology, evolution,
the development of species,
and we take responsibility
for holding record banks that
will be-- put it this way,
if they're lost, we
will be in great danger.
And so my grandfather just
literally put me in charge
of this whole databank,
not the one that came
in with the Pleiadian,
the agenda though.
Right. I wasn't expecting that.
Right. Another one and I think
you know him is Humboldt's
[phonetic] men who is just--
Oh, Humboldt's men in
out-- that's my brother.
Yeah. I assumed he
probably was--
Yeah, one time I
refer to Humboldt
as a teacher and he said, "No."
I said, "You're my teacher"
and he said, "No, no, no,
you're my sister and
I'm your brother."
Humboldt and I are
very, very close.
Yes. And our lineages
are very, very close.
Yes. Yeah.
Ehen I was reading, I was kind
of reading between the lines
that you probably were and at
the pleasure of meeting him
and these goals that he
carries with him everywhere.
Yeah, and we've done major work
together to down at Mayan sites.
Yes. In addition she would
like work at sacred sites is
such a fascinating topic because
of so many people who have done
that work and what will
happen is you will be called
to a particular sacred site
and you'll do ceremonies,
you do work, there then
you may never return again.
So I've gone all over the place
and done the ceremonial work.
I may or may not return.
I have-- I only go
when I'm called.
Well, and it sounds
like he is the same
and when I met him I think
it must have been 2011,
critical year, and he was
traveling with some other people
of his tradition and then host
in the United States traveling
through the United States with
the skulls, if you may recall,
that pilgrimage, can you
talk about why that was
and link it in to 2011?
Yeah. Because this is really a
crucial part of yours going too.
Yeah. Actually, I didn't
participate in that.
Right. And I've gone
into a straight of--
actually, I'm a keeper of
a clan called Stone Clan.
I'm actually a keeper
of my own clan.
And I've gone into deep
meditation now for a couple
of years working only
with the Stone Clan.
So when they came in-- of
course I tuned in and object
into what they were
doing and all that.
And the course, what
they're doing
when they're bringing
crystal skulls
to various sacred sites is
they're bringing wisdom cults
because they can bring
one of the skulls
to a particular location
and they can open
up all the wisdom codes of
that particular location
and that's what they were doing.
And what were you doing at the
same time with the Stone Clan?
Meditating with the Stone Clan,
meditating with the actual codes
of the planet which is the issue
of nine dimensions
to consciousness.
Right. And 2011 was
a pivotal year
because that was the actual end
of the Mayan calendar
as some calculate.
And I like-- the way I like
to put that because I work
with [inaudible] and one
of these people who works
with December 21st
2012 especially
since my first grandchild,
granddaughter,
Luciana Orsini Clow was born
at dawn December 21st, 2012.
Oh, I'm sure it was just
a coincidence Barbara.
[laughter] Amazing,
my only grandchild.
Isn't that wonderful?
How amazing what is she
going to turn out to be?
Yeah, I don't know what she's
going to turn out to be.
So the way I look, I looked
at the date difference
which I think is important
'cause I think a lot
of people are confused to why.
And then of course, that gets
us into what's going on at 2013.
But 2011 was the completion
of time acceleration
and the dynamic that
Carl Calleman discovered,
one of our great, brilliant
discoverers on the planet,
is he discovered nine
underworlds of consciousness,
we're going all lower back
to 16.4 billion years ago.
You have a wonderful chart
in your books showing--
demonstrating this.
Yeah, yeah, that stuff
is all delineating.
So when we get to this
fifth cycle, the regional,
the 100,000 years cycle,
that's just the fifth one.
Then the sixth one comes
along and it's the development
of 5000, 125 years cycle,
the cycle of civilization
and priest-king consciousness.
And anybody who is tuning
in to us right now can
feel how much faster
that 5000 year cycle is then
the 100,000 years cycle.
Then the next cycle is 256
years, 1755 A.D. to 2011
which is the development
of industry.
Anybody can feel
how the development
of the industry is a
much faster acceleration
than the development
of civilization
and priest-king culture.
Then we have the
Galactic Underworld,
the eighth underworld
starting in 1999.
And I'm sure everybody resonates
with the Galactic Underworld
because in 1999, things started
going so fast for people.
It just was spinning
out of control.
And then the final
time acceleration
and they all culminated in 2011
is less than one year in 2011.
260 year and 280
days, which one?
260 days. 260 days.
Yeah. Just one final time
acceleration, so what it's
like is it's like a
spiral or [inaudible],
spiral where you find and
get to that final end point.
And so then when we go to 2012,
we went into an enormous wobble.
As soon as that completed
its self
of course we went into a wobble.
And I found 2012 to be an
extremely fascinating year
where we're in this
amazing wobble and yet some
of the final codes
that we were looking
for were finally discovered.
The most important one being
the Higgs boson particle was
verified right at the
very end like December 17.
That was verified
mathematically by a group
of Japanese mathematicians
and also it was verified
in the particle accelerator.
And so the verification
came in right at the end
of the Mayan calendar, telling
us that we're on the threshold
of a whole new era of science
and consciousness
on this planet.
And even though it seems
to be very dry right now,
I mean I know that most
people feel that way,
there's something else going
on that we can barely see.
Absolutely, but we can feel it.
And that's going to be
really the subject of the--
at the second conversation is
the ability to feel the need
to be able to feel and
we'll go on from there
because that's how we perceiving
in the higher dimension.
So I mean we literally could
have a 6-hour conversation
on this.
And so, what I'd like to
do, I have more questions
about the Pleiadians and
all but we need to get
through the first--
the fourth dimensions
in the next bit of time.
Sure. So let's start
with the first dimension.
We're talking about the iron
core crystal of the earth
and talk about with that is
in how we're experiencing
and interacting with it.
And I'd like to prophesy by
saying that the question is
where do this material
come from in alchemy.
Yes. So from 1995,
1996 through 2003,
I risk taking constant
notes on collecting data
on this scientific discoveries
that in other words sciences
as piece by piece were
verifying, the stuff that was
in the Pleiadian Agenda.
So one say, all came in
except one, one was missing.
Then I wrote the Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions
as a scientific verification
of these dimensions.
So we're talking about
material now as we get
in to these nine dimensions that
actually has a scientific basis
which makes it really
interesting.
And so right after the
Pleiadian Agenda came in,
scientists announce that
they were verifying.
It turns out a few early
studies were done in the 1930s
where a few scientist that you--
I wouldn't have ever heard of,
we're talking about the
possibility that the center core
of the Earth was an
iron core crystal,
but nobody knew about that.
And so in Pleiadian Agenda,
the Pleiadians came in
and said the center of your
planet is a gigantic iron core
crystal that's like
bigger than the moon.
It's one huge crystal.
And then two weeks ago, and that
means two weeks ago from this,
you know, early May 2013.
Yeah, in early May
right now, yeah.
Two weeks ago, scientists
have discovered
that that crystal is
as hot as the sun.
Wow! Yeah, and nobody has
any idea what that means
if you know what I mean, as
this data is just coming in.
But the Pleiadians did not talk
about the temperature of it.
They talked about it
as a gigantic iron,
hexagonal crystal.
It was verified in 1996 right
after the book came out because
of an earthquake, that
8.6 earthquake in Bolivia.
And the scientist had put
detectors on both sides
of the planet so that when
the earthquake energy went
through the center of the
planet, they will finally able
to analyze the chemical
in crystal and structure
at the center of the Earth.
So there it was right
after the book came out.
And when I wrote the book,
that was notch at the time.
Yes. Yes. You know, and
so every time that happen,
I got more trust for
what was going on.
I was teaching it more
powerfully all the time 'cause I
trusted it.
So, the Pleiadian said, the
iron core crystal is the first
dimension for anybody who
incarnates on the planet earth.
The minute we incarnate here
which in my case even though
I'm very strongly connected
with the Pleiades, I
live on the planet.
And what happens is
my first dimension
to consciousness is there
in the core crystal.
And so in our workshops,
we were--
I knew all about
tuning into the Earth
and having a Native American
background, that was easy.
So in our workshops, we
started our connection
of the vertical access.
The vertical access is nine
dimensions of consciousness
that go from the center
of the earth to the center
of the Milky Way Ggalaxy.
So, the question is how
are we hooked in to that?
While we, as humans, if we
want to be completely grounded
and completely in touch with
the intelligence of Earth
and the intelligence of
Earth is interesting thing.
It even involves knowing
where we should be
at any given moment,
understanding the intelligence
of Earth means we can
understand weather changes.
Such as animals,
they understand us.
There's a whole lot of real
practical reasons for wanting
to understand the
intelligence of earth.
And then in my system, Pleiadian
system, what's really unusual is
that the Akashic records
are in the first dimension.
So they teach that all of
the records of all life
and evolution on
the planet Earth are
in the first dimension.
So when you go down into the
first dimension and tuned in,
you're actually tuning in.
In other words, if you
want to be on mission
and understand all, you go
in to the iron core
crystal to get the data.
So most people would have
thought the Akashic records
would be in an outer dimension.
Yes. And actually they
are in some ways--
they're actually in every
dimension to tell you the truth.
The more I explain to that,
the more I realize that.
But they're located in
that first dimensional core
and it's really-- so I,
you know, of course me--
the only thing about being
able to bring in the state
of Anunnaki [phonetic] I was in
a position unconscious enough
when I channel to be
able to say, "But why?"
Right, right.
You know what I mean,
that's outrageous but why.
Sure. And so I asked that
question and the Pleiadian said,
"Think of it as like
a set of tinker toys."
Remember those-- the
toys we used to have
with those central
wooden things with hold.
Okay, yes.
And then they would have sticks
and we could conduct
them all up.
Well, what they said
was they said,
every star in every planet
has a first dimension and it's
at the center of that
star or of that planet
or of the galaxy even.
And so the reason that
the information is
in the first dimension is the
first dimension is spinning
information in relationship
to the universe itself.
So that first dimensional core,
iron core crystal is a record,
a databank that is
so interesting, that's
the databank.
That's where the other
stars and other planets
and other systems get
their information about us.
Interesting.
Yeah, I know.
There was one time and
I don't know if this--
it directly feeds into it.
I had a dream, it's very
quick, but in the dream,
I was out in-- I was in a grid.
And at the grid, at the
intersecting points of the lines
and the grid, I was
shown that that's
where all the information
was stored and it was all
at the vector points
of this grid.
So, would you say that I
was actually just cruising
around in the first dimensional
field then at that time?
Or you could have been tuning
in to the first dimension
of another star or galaxy.
Oh, the other system.
Yeah, okay.
And so the very interesting
could
because when Humboldt has taught
me some good tricks and us
in this cases, the whole
class, and he would teach us
to beyond the earth, tune
in to the center of the sun
and then once you get into
the center of the sun,
then you can go into the
center of the galaxy.
So, Humboldt taught me this
really great-- Interesting.
-- trick about how to get
into the center of the sun,
how to get into the
center of the galaxy.
So you could have
been almost anywhere,
but those vector
points are the key.
Okay, they are the key.
And those are a very big
deal in terms of how we deal
with consciousness, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, now, there is another
element to this whole thing
about iron as you say, iron,
that our blood is
essentially based in iron.
Yeah. We're an iron blood-based
species and let's talk
about how our blood in our
bodies resonate and why this--
women kind of see why
it is, but-- Yeah.
Well, first of all you'd have
to say that when you tune
in to the center of the
earth, you're also resonating
with the iron crystals
in your blood.
Yes. You have to say that.
And then there're some really
amazing healers especially
in Guatemala who were
blood quickeners.
One of these is Alejan--
Don Alejandro Oxlaj that
some also already know about.
He's the head of all
of the mind elders
and Don Alejandro is a blood
quickening shaman and he can
like run his legs
over a person's thighs
and then activating
iron crystals
because the iron crystals have
again all of the information
at the first dimension.
So, if you want to diagnose
somebody or know what's going
on with him and you would
shift them, you can work
with the crystals in the blood.
That's interesting 'cause
your husband, Gerry,
we were talking last
night at dinner
that he gathers his information
from the physical matrix.
Yes. Because he's an
astounding body worker.
Yeah. And so, this
makes perfect sense.
The information is contained,
not only that within
the actual blood.
>>Yeah, yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah. Okay, so what about--
another thing that kind of
intrigued me was the notion
of our beta brain function which
is when we're sitting here,
we're alert, we may be in
a slightly altered state,
but by and large, we're in a
beta state of consciousness
and that also resonates with
the core 40 hertz frequency
of the planet.
Can you talk about that?
This is a source of deep
confusion for people
because people feel like--
as you-- now the dimensions,
the way they work iron core
crystal is the first dimension.
Second dimension is from the
edge of the iron core crystal
to the crust of the
Earth and then we're
in the third dimension, on
the surface of the Earth.
And so when you tune
in to that, the iron--
this is of great mystery.
The iron core crystal
is very dense.
The second dimension,
this telluric realm,
is very dense also, not as dense
as the core crystal
but very dense.
And then as we get to the
surface, it's less dense.
So you would think that
the hertz frequencies
that what you're
referring to here,
beta is around 40-60 hertz
vibration, and you would think
that it would be the
reverse of the way it is.
But the scientific
reality of this is
that the iron core crystal
vibrates at 40-60 hertz.
And then when you get in
to the second dimension,
it starts to vibrate and it
goes from 40 down to about 7
and a half at the surface.
So it's going down which many
people find this very calendar
intuitive, it's very
interesting.
And then when you get to
the surface, we're vibrating
at around 8.69 hertz,
something like that.
And then as you go further under
the space, it finally goes way,
way down to less than 1 hertz.
So that seems to be
calendar intuitive in a way.
Okay. And so what that
saying to us is when we're
in beta frequency in our brains,
very active mental
activation-- Functional.
-- that we're vibrating with
the center of the Earth.
It's a very, very
interesting situation.
And of course, I played with
a lot and taught at a lot
and as a source of intelligence.
Absolutely.
But there's an awful lot of
people walking around who think
that the less-- the
higher the frequency,
the more intelligent you are.
You know, this is what
I love about your work.
This is an issue.
It's really clarifying that
and saying do not be
discriminatory just
because something is
in the ninth dimensional
field does not make it greater
than what's in the first.
Yeah. And at that point,
the Pleiadians came
out with a really
good joke about it
because I was brought up, of
course, to be very grounded
with a native background.
And I have to tell you
from a native perspective,
we often will see people are
very ungrounded especially
in the new age because
they're not connected
to the Earth enough.
So at one point, Satya,
the Pleiadian goddess
in Pleiadian Agenda slapped me
around a little bit, you know.
And she said, "I wish you
guys will just quit looking
out the window and staring
at the stars all the time
and just jump in the sack."
And that's very Pleiadian.
[laughter] You know, just get
down to your real business here.
Get down to your real roots.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, you came here to be
born, you came here to birth,
you came here to live.
But I do think that this
issue of our brains vibrating
at the same frequency as the
central core of the earth,
it's just utterly fascinating.
It is fascinating.
It really is.
Yeah. That to me
really stood out.
Yeah, I know.
Well, we have to book on
through these dimensions
because we're going
to spend some time
on the fourth dimension.
Now we go into the
second which has to do
with the elemental realm
and the intelligence
of virus, bacteria, minerals.
Yeah. The intelligence set.
So let's talk about that.
Yeah. The second dimension is
an incredibly critical dimension
and one of the most important
dimensions possibly right
at this moment in time
because it is filled
with the life forms, mineral
and crystalline essences
that are denser than we are.
But it turns out that that
dimension is the source
of the manifestation of
life in the third dimension.
Now, this is a really
interesting issue
because when the book came in,
the Pleiadians were adamant.
Get it right, the second
dimension came before you,
creation happens in that
realm and then you manifest
in linear space and
time in the surface.
And again, I stuck
to my agreement.
I printed it exactly as
it was and then in 1998,
discovered a new book
that it just come
out called The Deep Hot
Biosphere by Thomas Gold.
And Thomas Gold was Fred
Hoyle's main colleague.
The two of them unfortunately
just died a few years ago.
And Thomas Gold is a person
who went deep into ocean vents
where there's a lot of
hot gas and all that
and he would go deep
into volcanoes
and he was studying the second
dimension in relationship
to the third dimension.
And in the Deep Hot Biosphere,
he published his theory
that the creation in the
third dimension comes
from the second dimension.
And I just flipped out because
the whole thing didn't make
sense to me until I was
able to get an explanation
for that from a scientist.
Now, the reason that
is so important is
that as you sit here
right now with me,
it's sometimes is
interesting to think
of the dimensions
inside your body as well
as inside the telluric realm.
And I get pretty far by
thinking of the second dimension
as being the anterior of my body
and then the surface essence
of me being more like my
third dimensional person--
Kind of reflecting
the Earth itself.
-- walking around in
linear space and time.
The reason that it has
been so productive is
that you can heal yourself of
anything and I mean cancer,
heart disease, you name it.
You can heal yourself
if you know how to tune
in to the second dimension.
And so we're right in
the middle of a lot
of healers being
trained and a lot
of teachers teaching people
how to slow the frequencies
down into that second
dimensional field.
You know, and of course,
as you know the frequencies
are going faster.
This is a completely calendar
intuitive thing of it, you know.
It's just so interesting.
I still haven't really
resolved it fully.
There are parts of
this book by the way
that I still don't understand
after all these years
of teaching and lecturing
about it.
It's very complex.
Yeah. I'm just telling
and doing this all
over again and holding it.
But I do know that if I
go on the healing table
and the Pleiadians really like
to show the dimensions in terms
of linear space and time,
this dimension being a person
lying on a healing table.
And the reason they do
that is because most
of us have experienced all nine
dimensions during session work
because it's so difficult to
get in touch with these levels.
And so they like to show a
person on a healing table
and the sense of it
is a triangle below
that person's body and
that's the second dimension.
And so the sense of it is
that the second dimension
is always manifesting us
in this dimension and that
is what we call homeostasis.
So when you're talking about
you can heal anything from the
by slowing down into that
realm, you would be talking
and interfacing with
the intelligence then--
Yes, that's right.
The virus, the bacteria,
the crystal and structure
and nature of the body.
That's right.
And the reason we get too far
out of whack and we're going
to even do the fourth dimension
during this-- part of this.
But what happens to the fourth
dimension because it's emotional
and it's the collective
mind in the whole field
of the collective reality,
it tends to pull us
out of our bodies.
So if you watch people closely,
a lot of their consciousness
is actually
in the fourth dimensional,
they're worrying
about the latest
thing on the news
or the latest war, whatever.
Right. And so, if you're in the
third dimension, linear space
and time which is
where you're supposed
to be consciously
located, you have access
to that second dimension
in the field just as much
as you can access
the fourth dimension.
And I know that people who are
with us today are very
comfortable with the idea
of what it feels like to be in
the collective mind, I mean,
what did it feel like two
weeks ago during the Boston
Marathon bombing.
Right. You know,
everybody knows what it's
like to just get sucked
right out of your daily life
which is totally like in
to the fourth dimension.
Well, the same thing is true
with the second dimension.
So, this is a major
important part of Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions is that
Christianity conspired
around 300-400 AD to cut people
off in the second dimension.
Now, let's spoke if we
do have time to go back
to that moment, for some moment.
Yeah, yes please.
If we go back to 0 AD,
100, 200 AD or whatever,
we have a planet filled
with cultures who were
in touch with the Earth.
They had sacred sites, they
had temples, even the Romans,
people do a bad rep on the
Romans but they had the temple
of Venus, the temple of Jupiter
in Rome, people were really
in touch-- They yield
with the sun.
Yeah. They were really in
touch with sacred sites,
really in touch with
solar consciousness-- Yes.
And then the church comes
along with the new program,
the program for the
Age of Pisces
and what the church wanted
to do is the church wanted
to take control, and this
at that time were called
the Roman Catholic Church.
So what they did was
they observed the fact
that people were
getting their power
from all these sacred
sites all over the planet,
some of them going back
thousands of years.
So the church spread
all over first--
over Europe and then other
parts of the world eventually,
and they built churches right
on these hot sacred sites
and then these churches
are very--
usually very tall with
the spire reaching
into the sky and all that.
And what they did was
they started a program,
a literal program of
demonizing the second dimension.
And the purpose of that was to
cut people off from their one
on one rapport with
the second dimension.
Because if you're in touch
with the second dimension,
you don't need the doctor,
you don't need the priest,
you don't need any
of that stuff.
You can just thrive as a
biological being on this planet.
And there's no way that any--
that what do they
control us through.
They control us through
medicine, you know,
all the different peer
programs that are going.
It's interesting though.
They built on the sacred
spots and then they demonized,
as you said, the
second dimension
and that's also then
had the power-- Yeah.
-- because of the spot to
really integrate the messages
that they were feeding
into people.
Well, this is very off-stood
of you 'cause I might have
missed this piece of it.
Okay. They cut all the
people in the village off
from the power spot because
they cut it and then they turned
around and created the mass
to be held at a regular--
on a regular schedule in
Rome and at all the churches,
specific rules, the
mass had to occur
so many times a week
and blah blah blah.
And what they did was they
called the blood energy.
Yes. Taking the sacred and
by the way, I'm really--
to me Christ is a
very sacred teacher
as many other teachers are also.
And when I worked with the sense
of Christ, I work with the sense
of crystalline light, well,
they took the old sacrificial
because this planet
has had a long history
of sacrificial rituals and
they took the energy of Christ
and turned it into a
global sacrificial ritual.
Well, as for Holy Communion.
Yeah, controlled by the Vatican.
Yeah. So they've had an
intense control program
and we could talk about that in
the fourth dimension, but yeah.
Oh, yeah, we will do that.
This is more a fourth
dimensional issue.
And let's talk about
the blood itself.
In your book you're saying is
in otherwise I do
to be sharing blood.
Yeah, that's right.
And let's talk about that
because many people
watching would say, "Hey,
I always go to the blood
bank and do my share."
Yeah. Talk about the
other side of that.
This is a really tough point
issue 'cause I again followed
what the Pleiadian said
and they were very leery
of organ transplants, they're
very leery of blood transplants
because of the way we're
actually constituted.
And that's a fairly
complex topic.
But the Jeho-- not the
Jehovah's Witnesses, sorry.
The more-- [Inaudible
Remark] I'm trying to think
which religion was
it, who is it?
I guess it must have been
the Jehovah's witnesses
who won't allow blood
transplants?
Yes. Okay.
So about six months ago,
we learned that as a result
of Jehovah's Witnesses refusing
to take blood transplant,
they had to figure out
another way to do surgery
and not transplant blood
and they've discovered
that at this point.
They figured it out with a
group of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And so they don't
need to do that.
So it's just-- it's a
very, very complex issue.
And these are hard
topics to discuss
because of course people
have their health issues
and their experiences.
Many people listening have
been probably saying--
Saved by a blood
transfusion, exactly.
They think that maybe they
were, maybe they weren't.
But certainly there's plenty
of people who think so.
Right. You know.
So, they need to read the book.
Okay. We'll just say we can't
go into that part right now
because we have to get on to
the third and fourth dimension.
Yeah, sure, sure.
But I just want to bring
that up that that is a point
that you make in the book.
Okay. Let's go into
the third dimension.
We kind of understand
that physical line,
physical intersect here
but like stop here.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, and so the
third dimension,
even in our workshops, we
don't have to spend much time.
Yeah. And because--
but there is an issue
with how we handle
the third dimension.
And from an indigenous point
of view, native traditions all
over the world, it's very,
very important when we're
in the third dimension to be
conscious of the directions,
to be conscious of
the rising sun
and the setting sun
in north and south.
There are many, many
profound teachings
and of course I presented
some of them in the book.
And so it's extremely
important to be very conscious
of where you are
in space and time.
You also need to be aware
of what time or day it is
because like how are you going
to get to the dentist and,
you know, in other words, like
there has been a big bad rep
on clock time, you know, using
your watch in order to get
to the dentist on time,
but these are things
that we have to do.
Oh, totally chaotic, I mean
nothing could function.
We are in a time-based reality.
That's right.
And then what's going on at the
current moment is consciousness
is really profoundly
effective right now
by the fourth dimension.
So we'll just leave that third
dimension for just a moment.
Yes. But I will say something
to make this transition
that I think will
resonate with people.
We are moving in to a period
now where we're starting
to be more conscious at the
fourth dimensional level.
Now, I mentioned a little
while ago that a lot
of people get pulled in
to the fourth dimension,
they are out of their bodies
and all they're really doing
is just watching CNN news.
We all know what
that one's like.
But another whole thing
is going on right now
where people are starting to
be conscious of what's going
on in the fourth dimension.
They are realizing that the
news is completely controlled.
Yes. And they're
starting to realize--
I'm going to talk to many, many
people now who just say, "Okay,
I check out the program
to see what the program is
that they're ditching
out in a given day."
And then I look at the whole
thing from a larger perspective
in order to understand
what's really going on here.
Right. So, as people
become more conscious
in the fourth dimension
which is--
by the way, this is what we're
all experiencing right now.
We are really starting to
live in a quantum field
and it's really tricky,
because quantum fields function
by synchronicity, by
probabilities, they function
by entirely different laws
than the third dimension.
The third dimension is
linear space and time.
Not only in physics, how
long does it take an object
to move from here to there.
So, Regina, as we move
into this fourth dimension,
because what we're
doing was moving into it
and passing through it now.
And as we're in the
middle of this process,
it's more important than
ever to be grounded in 3D.
Yes. Some people may be
finding that they have to write
down their dentist appointment
on five different pieces
of paper in the house just
to make sure they get there.
Memory is being impacted
right now.
Yes it is because as we
move into the quantum,
the quantum fields are
much, much more complicated.
They operate according
to different laws.
It's actually one-- the quantum
fields are actually wonderful.
But people don't--
it's like people
who don't know how
to swim, you know.
Well, people feel like
they're having some kind
of physical brain degeneration.
Even young people are
not remembering dates
and names and so forth.
That's right.
So this is not-- it's not age
specific, it's not dementia,
not that dementia doesn't exist,
but I'm saying what
you're referring
to were we just having
this sudden--
like there's a block of
something that's just seems
to have gone missing and
then it zooms back in,
that's more what you're
talking about I assume.
That's right.
And that we're functioning
more into the fourth dimension.
That's right.
And so-- Not so as the
time space limited.
That's right.
Well, as we're-- and as we're
moving into this, like--
that's a good example.
You just mentioned something
about the issue of memory.
Yeah. Okay.
Now meanwhile, the medical
establishment had gotten
everybody prepared to
think that they're going
to have Alzheimer's and they're
going to-- Oh, I know, it just--
Whatever, you know what I mean.
Yes. And so this is a very--
that is an excellent example
to me of why we have to
master the third dimension.
We really have to-- so as
we move in to the fourth,
the mastery of the
third dimension is part
of that, you know, yeah.
Okay, well let's-- Yes, okay.
And we'll suffice that to
say it's all in the book.
Now let's go into the fourth
because this is really--
you say that this is where--
first of all, this is the world
of myths and archetypes
as you put it in the book.
That's right.
But this is also an area
where we are being controlled
and manipulated in ways
that are really unfathomable
to the average person.
That's right.
We have about 10 minutes
left in the show right now.
So let's talk about--
just go for it-- Okay.
What we're dealing with here.
All right.
So, another whole databank
I work with was an issue
of a cataclysm that occurred
12,000 years ago and this is
In Awakening the Planetary Mind
and the people get
that and read it.
But what happened around
11,500, 12,000 years ago is
that we experienced the
cataclysm on this planet
which threw as in to a
very, very high degree
of fear and confusion.
Like any cataclysm or any rescue
scene, when that occurred,
some people were in a better
position than other people.
Some people had been on
boats when it happened,
some people were on
the tops of mountains,
and so the first thing that
happened on our planet in 8,000,
9,000 BC was anybody wasn't in a
kind of decent condition at all,
started taking control of
the people on the planet.
And this is a perfectly
understandable thing.
Right. A lot of them were
Atlanteans, the reason we have
so many legends about the
Atlanteans is the Atlanteans
were a sea varying culture
during the global American
civilization and many,
many more of them survived.
We think of the Atlanteans
as having been more powerful
than everybody else back
before the cataclysm.
They probably weren't
as far as I can tell.
Many other cultures
were very powerful also.
Yes. All right.
So once this dynamic got in of
some people being in control
and other people being
controlled, and of course,
people give away they power
and they go through a lot
of the psychological
complexes that we see
at the current moment.
But then what happened
behind all
of this is meanwhile we got the
Mayan calendar time acceleration
going on.
And even regarding the
cataclysm was right on schedule,
regarding the time acceleration
which is too complex
for us right now.
So we come up to the sixth time
acceleration which is 3115 BC
up through 2011,
2012, 5000 years.
And this is a period of
priest and king culture.
And so what happened 5000
years ago was in order
to create civilization,
the thing that was
on the agenda according
to the Mayan calendar
at this point was a development
of complex civilizations.
And so the people
who were in control,
let's call them the global
elite, of course once you get
in control, who's going
to give away the control.
There's nothing about
the global elite
that is difficult to understand.
It isn't even about in
being them bad or good,
it's like it's obvious
what they're doing
and it's obvious why
they're doing it,
if you know what I mean.
And there's only one way
out of that and that's
for each individual
on the planet
to understand how the
fourth dimension works.
Let's talk about that and let's
talk about the whole notion
of you call it a 4D low
astral hue where a lot
of people maybe intersecting
with angels, demons,
with any number of things.
Yeah. Can you talk about
that, that interface
that we're now having?
Yeah. The fourth dimension has--
as far as I've been able
to tell do far, 30 levels
but I'm sure there is
probably a lot more levels.
And so in the lower levels
of the fourth dimension,
you get that low astral hue
where possessions can occur
and dark energies can grab
people's consciousness.
And that if you start to
move through the levels
of the fourth dimension,
you start to move
into finer frequencies and
finer levels of consciousness.
But because the Pleiadians show
the fourth dimension as a canopy
over the person in 3D
and they show the person
on a healing table and
they show this canopy.
So because we're under the
canopy unless we're very,
very smart, we tend to get stuck
with these lower
levels of energy.
So, most people listening
to us today know what it's
like to be stuck in the
lower frequency range.
And sometimes you get stuck in
it and it takes a while to get
out of it but there's issues of
alcohol and drugs and all kinds
of things that can create
possession levels for people.
And as you move in to the higher
levels of the fourth dimension,
what you're moving
into is the game.
So you start to understand
what the Roman Catholic Church
is doing.
You start to see what the
American political system is
doing and you start
to observe the game.
And that's when people get
in to really high levels
of the fourth dimension where
they figure out the game.
And so, we have been
living in the middle
of an absolutely amazing period
in history is it's
totally incredible
that we're alive
right now because all
of the ancient archeological
sites are being--
have been dug off
and there'll be more.
But, you know-- Oh, they're just
scratching the surface out then.
Yeah. The ancient
information is coming
for the ancient information
in the library,
like the Alexandrian library.
Now we have the NASDAQ
information.
So we're living in a period
when where everybody watching
the show is in a position
to figure out the game.
And some of them are seeing
helpers along the way too.
Oh yeah. Like you say, angels,
visions of the Virgin
Mary, even ETs.
So, tell us what we're
actually interfacing
with when we're seeing
these things.
Well, that's always an
interesting question.
And one of the people that
I think is really good
on this one is the psychiatrist
John Mack at Harvard
who died a few years ago.
Oh, I love John Mack, yeah.
And John Mack did a
really great job of showing
that there's all these
levels of interfacing
with higher dimensions.
So now what you're verging into,
Regina, you're just verging,
started to move in to
the fifth dimension
because the fourth dimension
is like this canopy over us
and then all the
higher dimensions come
in to that dimension.
So whenever a being,
non-physical being,
in a higher dimension
penetrates the higher levels
of the fourth dimension,
we pick it up according
to our consciousness like
one person might pick
up the Virgin Mary say or
Jesus or a high angelic force,
another person might pick
up an extraterrestrial.
And I know this is a very
challenging issue for people
because I know a lot of people
feel like they've been abducted
and they feel like they've gone
through experiences like that.
And I actually think they
have because what you think
about is what happens to you.
But what the Pleiadians
point out about that issue is
that none of the
extraterrestrials invasions
and abductions that we hear
about in medical procedures
and all that, the
Pleiadians are adamant.
They've never seen
them do anything worse
than what our doctors are doing
to us and we're paying the bill.
Well, no, that's a
whole separate debate.
We're paying the bill
if you know what I mean.
So, but the Pleiadians are
pointing out, Pleiadians point
out what you are thinking about
and how you see things
will affect what you get.
Absolutely.
What you get, you know.
Well, we have just
a couple minutes.
I mean, we're really
looking through the 4D here.
Yeah. One thing you say is
that the global lead have
been using this 4D tools
such as Yahweh and the
devil and this concept
to control the masses.
But this is the part
that I find interesting.
They say-- I put quote
here, "It's better
to just allow the 4D forces to
flow through our consciousness
to avoid being caught
in duality."
Do you have a nice minute
and a half wrap on that?
Yeah, okay.
Well, okay, so as I've
said, when those kinds
of energies are coming in
through the fourth dimension,
the fourth dimension
gets activated
and we encounter Yahweh or
we encountered whatever,
the impulse is actually coming
from a higher dimension.
And so one of the
most important things
about the Pleiadian Agenda
and in Alchemy is to realize
that what happens in that fourth
dimensional field is actually an
impulse from a higher dimension.
So when that energy
of Yahweh comes
in to the fourth dimension,
then Judeo Christianity uses it
in order to control
everybody and create wars.
And you can fall into
that trap if you want to.
But if you start realizing
that what you're picking
up on is actually a higher
frequency because the point is
that divine consciousness
and the light
and the god energy is actually
in the eighth dimension
and not in the fourth.
So anything you're picking
up in the fourth
dimension is actually coming
from a higher dimension.
And so this is about
becoming an adept.
And adept is a person who
can read those frequencies
to see what they actually are.
Interesting.
And so, essentially,
don't buy it.
Don't get hung up in
those strands of thought.
You never.
Don't buy in to the concepts
because you're getting
caught in the game.
Yeah, and how could--
So don't engage.
That means don't engage
in most of the media.
Sure. And how God be a
good-looking white male?
Yeah, exactly.
[laughter] I mean,
come on, you know.
Well, it's some little
girl's dream.
No, but in some church
does that, so.
Exactly. Okay Barbara.
We're going to pick
it up in a little bit
with dimensions five
through nine.
This is absolutely fascinating.
As we just said, we're going
to pick up our conversation
by covering the fifth through
ninth dimensions unless you
think that these higher
dimensions are too far away
or too vast to contemplate,
let me assure you
that they're right
there into penetrating
and waiting to be utilized.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]